Add support for FBX (Filmbox) (#605)
sindresorhus/file-type: readme.md

- [`f4b`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flash_Video) - Audiobook and podcast ISO base media file format used by Adobe Flash Player
- [`f4p`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flash_Video) - ISO base media file format protected by Adobe Access DRM used by Adobe Flash Player
- [`f4v`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flash_Video) - ISO base media file format used by Adobe Flash Player

> - [`fbx`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FBX) - A model format used by many creation application invented by Autodesk

Author: Should I add more information or should I make simpler?

> - [`fbx`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FBX) - A model format used by many creation application invented by Autodesk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`fbx`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FBX) - FBX (Filmbox) is a proprietary file format (.fbx) developed by Kaydara and owned by [Autodesk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autodesk). It is used to provide interoperability between digital content creation applications.
```

> - [`fbx`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FBX) - A model format used by many creation application invented by Autodesk

Reviewer: Suggestion: https://github.com/sindresorhus/file-type/pull/605#discussion_r1378468646

> - [`fbx`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FBX) - A model format used by many creation application invented by Autodesk

Author: Thank you for suggestion! I've committed your suggestion
